# TriggerCondition

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**DetectionMethod** | **string** | Detection method of the trigger condition. Defaults to &#x60;StaticCondition&#x60;. Valid values:   1. &#x60;StaticCondition&#x60;: A condition that triggers based off of a static threshold.   2. &#x60;Outlier&#x60;: A condition that triggers based off of a dynamic threshold. Currently Outlier is available in closed beta (Notify customer success in order to get the early access). | [optional] [default to StaticCondition]
**TimeRange** | **string** | The relative time range of the monitor. | [default to null]
**TriggerType** | **string** | The type of trigger condition. Valid values:   1. &#x60;Critical&#x60;: A critical condition to trigger on.   2. &#x60;Warning&#x60;: A warning condition to trigger on.   3. &#x60;MissingData&#x60;: A condition that indicates data is missing.   4. &#x60;ResolvedCritical&#x60;: A condition to resolve a Critical trigger on.   5. &#x60;ResolvedWarning&#x60;: A condition to resolve a Warning trigger on.   6. &#x60;ResolvedMissingData&#x60;: A condition to resolve a MissingData trigger. | [default to null]
**Threshold** | **float64** | The data value for the condition. This defines the threshold for when to trigger. Threshold value is not applicable for &#x60;MissingData&#x60; and &#x60;ResolvedMissingData&#x60; triggerTypes and will be ignored if specified. | [optional] [default to null]
**ThresholdType** | **string** | The comparison type for the &#x60;threshold&#x60; evaluation. This defines how you want the data value compared. Valid values:   1. &#x60;LessThan&#x60;: Less than.   2. &#x60;GreaterThan&#x60;: Greater than.   3. &#x60;LessThanOrEqual&#x60;: Less than or equal to.   4. &#x60;GreaterThanOrEqual&#x60;: Greater than or equal to. ThresholdType value is not applicable for &#x60;MissingData&#x60; and &#x60;ResolvedMissingData&#x60; triggerTypes and will be ignored if specified. | [optional] [default to GreaterThanOrEqual]
**OccurrenceType** | **string** | The criteria to evaluate the threshold and thresholdType in the given time range. Valid values:   1. &#x60;AtLeastOnce&#x60;: Trigger if the threshold is met at least once. (NOTE: This is the only valid value if monitorType is &#x60;Metrics&#x60;.)   2. &#x60;Always&#x60;: Trigger if the threshold is met continuously. (NOTE: This is the only valid value if monitorType is &#x60;Metrics&#x60;.)   3. &#x60;ResultCount&#x60;: Trigger if the threshold is met against the count of results. (NOTE: This is the only valid value if monitorType is &#x60;Logs&#x60;.)   4. &#x60;MissingData&#x60;: Trigger if the data is missing. (NOTE: This is valid for both &#x60;Logs&#x60; and &#x60;Metrics&#x60; monitorTypes) | [default to null]
**TriggerSource** | **string** | Determines which time series from queries to use for Metrics MissingData and ResolvedMissingData triggers Valid values:   1. &#x60;AllTimeSeries&#x60;: Evaluate the condition against all time series. (NOTE: This option is only valid if monitorType is &#x60;Metrics&#x60;)   2. &#x60;AnyTimeSeries&#x60;: Evaluate the condition against any time series. (NOTE: This option is only valid if monitorType is &#x60;Metrics&#x60;)   3. &#x60;AllResults&#x60;: Evaluate the condition against results from all queries. (NOTE: This option is only valid if monitorType is &#x60;Logs&#x60;) | [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

